[docs] CSV mapper - add docs for creating the ref attribute(#7400) (#230)
OpenCTI-Platform/docs: docs/administration/csv-mappers.md

![New representation](assets/csv-mappers-rep-1.png)

## Create a new reference representation (label, author, markings,..)

If you need to map an entity in your CSV mapper with **ref attributes as author, markings, label, external references or kill chain phase**, you must add a new entity representation. 

> First in the field, you must see no options available: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At first, you shall see no options available in the list: 
```

![csv](assets/csv-mapper-author-no-options.png)

According to the reference, in this array, you will find the representation you need to configure corresponding to the appropriate attribute:

| Attribute reference | Entity representation | 
|:--------------------|:----------------------|

> | author              | Individual            |

Reviewer: I suppose it works also for Organization or System too (see what type of entity you can set in author of a report for instance).

| markings            | Marking definition    |
| label               | Label                 |
| external references | External references   |
| kill chain phase    | Kill chain phase      |

> For instance in the Attack Pattern, if you want an author, markings, external references and a kill chain phase, you need to add and to configure each new entity below the Attack pattern:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, if you want to add to an Attack Pattern an author, some markings, an external references and a kill chain phase, you need to add and to configure each new entity representations below the Attack pattern:
```
